src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'redisHost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'redisHost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'redisPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'redisPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'redisPort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'redisPort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'redisConf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'redisConf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cacheConfig' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cacheConfig' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:65:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'cacheConfig'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:65:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'cacheConfig'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rcm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rcm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:74:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rcm'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:74:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rcm'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'template' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'template' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringSerializer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringSerializer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jdkSerializationRedisSerializer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jdkSerializationRedisSerializer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:83:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like jdkSerializationRedisSerializer
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:83:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like jdkSerializationRedisSerializer
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lcf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CacheConfig.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lcf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:12:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'cachedBodyInputStream' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:12:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'cachedBodyInputStream' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:12:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cachedBodyInputStream
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:12:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cachedBodyInputStream
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:14:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:14:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cachedBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cachedBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:25:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:25:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:29:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:29:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'readListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/CachedBodyServletInputStream.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'readListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'authException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:33:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'Chain' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:33:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'Chain' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'Chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'Chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:33:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Chain' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:33:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Chain' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:37:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'username' (lines '37'-'43').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:37:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'username' (lines '37'-'43').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jwtToken' (lines '38'-'41').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jwtToken' (lines '38'-'41').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jwtToken' (lines '38'-'71').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jwtToken' (lines '38'-'71').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:45:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:45:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:47:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:47:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:49:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:49:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usernamePasswordAuthenticationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usernamePasswordAuthenticationToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like usernamePasswordAuthenticationToken
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like usernamePasswordAuthenticationToken
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/JwtRequestFilter.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:19:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'cachedBody' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:19:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'cachedBody' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:25:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:25:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:25:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:25:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:25:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:25:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:25:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:25:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:27:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:27:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requestInputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requestInputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:27:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestInputStream
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:27:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestInputStream
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'byteArrayInputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'byteArrayInputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like byteArrayInputStream
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/MultiReadHttpServletRequest.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like byteArrayInputStream
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like jwtAuthenticationEntryPoint
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like jwtAuthenticationEntryPoint
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'auth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'auth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:43:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:43:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:43:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:43:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'httpSecurity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'httpSecurity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'auth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'auth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:73:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:73:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Config/WebSecurityConfig.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.springboot.Task.Entity.LoggerEntity'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.springboot.Task.Entity.LoggerEntity'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:18:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.springboot.Task.Entity.LoggerEntity'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:18:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.springboot.Task.Entity.LoggerEntity'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:46:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:46:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the registerUser method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the registerUser method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usersDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usersDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:62:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:62:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:64:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the loginUser method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:64:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the loginUser method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usersDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usersDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:65:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:65:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '68'-'71').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '68'-'71').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:68:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'users' is never used (overwritten on line 71)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:68:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'users' is never used (overwritten on line 71)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:69:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:69:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:77:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:77:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:80:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:80:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:83:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:83:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logger' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logger' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:103:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:103:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:107:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:107:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:112:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:112:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:113:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/AuthController.java:113:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like permissionserviceInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like permissionserviceInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:31:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "success" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 31
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:31:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "success" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 31
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getpermission' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'getpermission' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:44:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:44:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/PermissionController.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:27:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like roleServiceInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:27:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like roleServiceInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:47:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'Search' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:47:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'Search' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'Search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'Search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:47:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Search' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:47:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Search' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allRoles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allRoles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RoleController.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionServiceInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionServiceInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:36:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:36:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:37:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:37:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:63:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:63:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:66:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:66:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:74:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'DeleteRolePermission' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/RolePermissionController.java:74:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'DeleteRolePermission' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like taskEntityInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like taskEntityInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the addtask method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:29:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the addtask method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the updateTask method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the updateTask method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:48:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:48:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:49:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the deleteTask method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:49:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the deleteTask method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/TaskEntityController.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like taskEntityInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like taskEntityInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:43:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:43:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the assigntask method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the assigntask method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:53:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'Search' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:53:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'Search' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'Search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'Search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:53:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Search' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:53:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Search' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allRoles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'allRoles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:104:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:104:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:110:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:110:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserController.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleServiceInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleServiceInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Success" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Success" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:37:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:37:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:38:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:38:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleRequestDto
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleRequestDto
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequestDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequestDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:59:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:59:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:61:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:61:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:74:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:74:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:75:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Controller/UserRoleEntityController.java:75:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ErrorResponseDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ErrorResponseDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:5:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:5:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msgKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msgKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:17:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:17:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:19:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:19:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msgKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ErrorResponseDto.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msgKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionIdList.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionIdList.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionIdList.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionIdList.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionIdList.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionIdList.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:4:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDescription': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:4:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDescription': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMethod': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMethod': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBaseUrl': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBaseUrl': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPath': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/IPermissionListDto.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPath': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTaskName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTaskName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDescription': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDescription': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getStartDate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getStartDate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:14:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEndDate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:14:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEndDate': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getStatusEnum': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskEntityDto.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getStatusEnum': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRoleName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRoleName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDescription': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/ITaskListDto.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDescription': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:5:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'LoggerDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.111%, NOPA=3, NOAM=6, WMC=9)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:5:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'LoggerDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.111%, NOPA=3, NOAM=6, WMC=9)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:7:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:7:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expireAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expireAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:20:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:20:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:22:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:22:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:24:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:24:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expireAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expireAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/LoggerDto.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'PermissionDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'PermissionDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/PermissionDto.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'RoleDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'RoleDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:24:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RoleDto.java:24:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'RolePermissionDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'RolePermissionDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/RolePermissionDto.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'SuccessResponseDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=8)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'SuccessResponseDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=8)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msgKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msgKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msgKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/SuccessResponseDto.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msgKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:22:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TaskEntityDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=17)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:22:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TaskEntityDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=17)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:41:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:41:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:42:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:42:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:44:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:44:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:45:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:45:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:46:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:46:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:48:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:48:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEntityDto.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/TaskEnumDto.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UseRoleListDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UseRoleListDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UseRoleListDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UseRoleListDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UseRoleListDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UseRoleListDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UseRoleListDto.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPk': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UseRoleListDto.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPk': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserRoleRequestDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserRoleRequestDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UserRoleRequestDto.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UsersDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UsersDto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:4:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:4:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:10:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:10:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:14:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:14:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:15:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:15:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:16:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:16:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Dto/UsersDto.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:16:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ApiLoggerEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=18)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:16:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ApiLoggerEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=18)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:20:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:20:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'host' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'host' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ipAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ipAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'body' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'body' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:41:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:41:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:44:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:44:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:47:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:47:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:50:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:50:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:53:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:53:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:56:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:56:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:58:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 10000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:58:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 10000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:59:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:59:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:63:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:63:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ipAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ipAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'host' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'host' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'body' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'body' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/ApiLoggerEntity.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:17:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'LoggerEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:17:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'LoggerEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:17:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:17:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expireAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expireAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expireAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expireAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/LoggerEntity.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:20:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'PermissionEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=10.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=20)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:20:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'PermissionEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=10.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=20)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:29:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isActive has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:29:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isActive has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/PermissionEntity.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:21:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'RoleEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=13.333%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:21:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'RoleEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=13.333%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:28:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isActive has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:28:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isActive has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:64:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:64:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:89:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:89:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RoleEntity.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:25:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'RolePermissionEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:25:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'RolePermissionEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:32:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:32:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:46:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:46:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:48:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:48:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:50:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:50:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:52:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:52:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:61:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:61:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionEntity.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'RolePermissionId' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=25.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'RolePermissionId' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=25.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:17:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:17:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permission' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permission' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:29:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:29:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:31:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:31:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permission' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permission' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:75:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:75:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:75:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:75:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:77:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:77:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/RolePermissionId.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/StatusEnum.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/StatusEnum.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/StatusEnum.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/StatusEnum.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:34:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TaskEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=8.333%, NOPA=0, NOAM=19, WMC=24)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:34:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TaskEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=8.333%, NOPA=0, NOAM=19, WMC=24)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:37:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:37:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:43:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isActive has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:43:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isActive has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:82:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:82:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:86:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:86:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:152:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:243:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskEntity.java:243:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:16:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TaskHistory' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=13)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:16:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TaskHistory' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=13)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:62:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:62:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:64:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:64:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/TaskHistory.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:26:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserRoleEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=20.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:26:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserRoleEntity' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=20.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:34:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'created_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:34:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'created_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:34:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'created_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:34:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'created_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'created_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'created_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'updated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'updated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'created_At' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'created_At' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updated_At' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updated_At' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'created_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'created_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'updated_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:41:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'updated_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pk
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:57:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getCreated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:57:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getCreated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:61:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'created_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:61:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'created_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'created_At' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'created_At' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:61:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setCreated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:61:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setCreated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:61:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'created_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:61:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'created_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:65:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getUpdated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:65:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getUpdated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:69:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'updated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:69:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'updated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updated_At' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updated_At' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:69:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setUpdated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:69:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setUpdated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:69:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'updated_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:69:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'updated_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:82:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:82:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:82:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'Updated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:82:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'Updated_At' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:82:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'Updated_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:82:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'Updated_At' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:82:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Updated_At' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:82:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Updated_At' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:85:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isActive has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:85:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isActive has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:85:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:85:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:85:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleEntity.java:85:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:7:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserRoleId' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:7:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserRoleId' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/UserRoleId.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:22:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Users' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.111%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=18)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:22:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Users' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.111%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=18)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:22:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:22:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:30:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isActive has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:30:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isActive has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'createdAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatedAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:64:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'userRole'.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:87:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'userRole'.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:100:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:100:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Entity/Users.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:46:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:46:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:51:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'errorDetails'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:51:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'errorDetails'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:58:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:58:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'details' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'details' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorResponseDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorResponseDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:77:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:77:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:79:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like httpRequestMethodNotSupportedException
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:79:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like httpRequestMethodNotSupportedException
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorResponseDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorResponseDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:91:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:91:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:102:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:102:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.stream.Collectors'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.stream.Collectors'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.stream.Collectors'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.stream.Collectors'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.web.multipart.support.StandardMultipartHttpServletRequest'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.web.multipart.support.StandardMultipartHttpServletRequest'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.web.multipart.support.StandardMultipartHttpServletRequest'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.web.multipart.support.StandardMultipartHttpServletRequest'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.springboot.Task.Repository.LoggerRepository'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.springboot.Task.Repository.LoggerRepository'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:20:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.springboot.Task.Repository.LoggerRepository'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:20:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.springboot.Task.Repository.LoggerRepository'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:27:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:27:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:27:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:27:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:32:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:32:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like apiLoggerSerivceInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like apiLoggerSerivceInterface
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:36:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:36:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the gson field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the gson field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:38:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:38:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:38:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:38:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'skipUrls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'skipUrls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:49:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gettoken' (lines '49'-'103').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:49:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gettoken' (lines '49'-'103').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:51:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:51:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logsDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logsDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'employeeJsonString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'employeeJsonString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like employeeJsonString
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like employeeJsonString
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'apiDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'apiDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:83:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:83:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'apiDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'apiDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/ApiLogger.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:14:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:14:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:14:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:14:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:20:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:20:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Interceptors/WebMvcConfig.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:15:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:15:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'val' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'val' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:32:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:32:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:33:	UnnecessaryReturn:	UnnecessaryReturn: Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/CacheOperation.java:33:	UnnecessaryReturn:	UnnecessaryReturn: Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.sql.Date'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.sql.Date'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.sql.Date'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.sql.Date'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:10:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:10:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:15:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'Search' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:15:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'Search' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'Search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'Search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Search' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/Pagination.java:15:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Search' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:6:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:6:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:11:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'pattern' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:11:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'pattern' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:11:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'pattern' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:11:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'pattern' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:15:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:15:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:18:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:18:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:19:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:19:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'mail' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'mail' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'mail' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'mail' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Page/PasswordValidator.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/ApiLoggerRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/ApiLoggerRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/ApiLoggerRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/ApiLoggerRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/AuthRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/AuthRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/AuthRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/AuthRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/AuthRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/AuthRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/AuthRepository.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/AuthRepository.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/HistoryRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/HistoryRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/HistoryRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/HistoryRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerDtoRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerDtoRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerDtoRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerDtoRepository.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerDtoRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerDtoRepository.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerDtoRepository.java:13:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerDtoRepository.java:13:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerDtoRepository.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerDtoRepository.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/LoggerRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/PermissionRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/PermissionRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/PermissionRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/PermissionRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/PermissionRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/PermissionRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/PermissionRepository.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/PermissionRepository.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RolePermissionRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RolePermissionRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RolePermissionRepository.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RolePermissionRepository.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RolePermissionRepository.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RolePermissionRepository.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RolePermissionRepository.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RolePermissionRepository.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RolePermissionRepository.java:23:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RolePermissionRepository.java:23:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RoleRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RoleRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RoleRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RoleRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RoleRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RoleRepository.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RoleRepository.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/RoleRepository.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Optional'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Optional'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Optional'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Optional'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/TaskEntityRepository.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:25:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'user_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:25:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'user_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:25:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:25:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'user_id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:25:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'user_id' is not final.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UserRoleRepository.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UsersRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UsersRepository.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UsersRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UsersRepository.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UsersRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Repository/UsersRepository.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:19:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:19:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like JWT_TOKEN_VALIDITY
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like JWT_TOKEN_VALIDITY
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claimsResolver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claimsResolver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'claims' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'claims' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:63:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:63:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claims' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'claims' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:83:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:83:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:125:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:125:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:138:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:138:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:150:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:150:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:179:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:179:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:182:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:182:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:202:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:202:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:204:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Security/JwtTokenUtil.java:204:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/ApiLoggerSerivce.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/ApiLoggerSerivce.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/ApiLoggerSerivce.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/ApiLoggerSerivce.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/ApiLoggerSerivce.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/ApiLoggerSerivce.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/ApiLoggerSerivce.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'createApiLog': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/ApiLoggerSerivce.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'createApiLog': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:16:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:16:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'loadUserByUsername': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/AuthInterface.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'loadUserByUsername': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/LoggerService.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/LoggerService.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/LoggerService.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/LoggerService.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/LoggerService.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/LoggerService.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/LoggerService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/LoggerService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:16:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:16:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/PermissionServiceInterface.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:22:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'DeleteRolePermission' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:22:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'DeleteRolePermission' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:24:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RolePermissionServiceInterface.java:24:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:15:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:15:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/RoleServiceInterface.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:21:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:21:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/TaskEntityInterface.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleRequestDto
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleRequestDto
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserRoleServiceInterface.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:13:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'FindByEmail' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:13:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'FindByEmail' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:21:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:21:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/Service/UserServiceInterface.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like apiLoggerRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like apiLoggerRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apiDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/ApiLoggerServiceImpl.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'apiDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionServiceImpl
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionServiceImpl
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usersDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usersDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:49:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:49:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:51:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:51:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:53:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:53:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:54:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:54:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:59:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:59:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:70:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:70:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'authorities' (lines '71'-'82').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'authorities' (lines '71'-'82').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'authorities' (lines '71'-'87').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'authorities' (lines '71'-'87').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:71:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'authorities' is never used (overwritten on lines 82 and 87)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:71:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'authorities' is never used (overwritten on lines 82 and 87)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:73:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "permission" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 73
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:73:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "permission" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 73
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:73:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:73:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authorities1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authorities1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissions' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissions' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hashPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hashPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/AuthServiceImpl.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like loggerDtoRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like loggerDtoRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'users' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'users' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logger1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logger1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestheader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestheader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:128:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:128:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logger' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'logger' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:131:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'logger'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/LoggerServiceImpl.java:131:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'logger'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:21:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like permissionRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:21:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like permissionRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'permissionEntity' (lines '38'-'39').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'permissionEntity' (lines '38'-'39').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:38:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'permissionEntity' is never used (overwritten on line 39)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:38:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'permissionEntity' is never used (overwritten on line 39)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getAllpermission(String, String, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getAllpermission(String, String, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:54:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:54:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:54:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:54:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:54:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:54:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:54:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:54:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:54:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:54:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:55:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:55:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:64:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'permissionEntity' (lines '64'-'65').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:64:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'permissionEntity' (lines '64'-'65').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:64:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'permissionEntity' is never used (overwritten on line 65)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:64:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'permissionEntity' is never used (overwritten on line 65)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:64:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'permissionEntity'.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:64:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'permissionEntity'.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'permissionEntity' (lines '65'-'68').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'permissionEntity' (lines '65'-'68').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:65:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'permissionEntity' is never used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:65:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'permissionEntity' is never used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:79:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the UserToDto method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:79:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the UserToDto method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:79:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:79:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:79:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'UserToDto' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:79:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'UserToDto' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:89:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DtoToUser method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:89:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DtoToUser method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:89:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:89:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissionEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:89:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'DtoToUser' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:89:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'DtoToUser' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/PermissionServiceImpl.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like roleEntityRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like roleEntityRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like permissionRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like permissionRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleEntityRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleEntityRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermission' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermission' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:44:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "not found" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 44
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:44:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "not found" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 44
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionEntity
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionEntity
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermission' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermission' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionEntity
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionEntity
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermission' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermission' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:99:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionEntity
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:99:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rolePermissionEntity
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolePermissionId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rolePermissionDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:114:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:114:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleIds' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleIds' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:124:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:124:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolesPermission' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rolesPermission' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissions' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'permissions' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RolePermissionServiceImpl.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:37:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:37:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'roleEntity' (lines '38'-'40').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'roleEntity' (lines '38'-'40').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:38:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'roleEntity' is never used (overwritten on line 40)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:38:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'roleEntity' is never used (overwritten on line 40)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:41:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:41:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:49:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getAllRoles(String, String, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:49:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getAllRoles(String, String, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:53:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:53:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:53:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:53:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:53:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:53:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:53:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:53:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:53:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:53:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:55:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:55:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:68:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getRoleById(Long)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:68:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getRoleById(Long)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roleEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:82:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'UserTodto' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:82:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'UserTodto' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/RoleServiceImpl.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:36:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:36:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like taskEntityRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like taskEntityRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:69:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'taskEntity' (lines '69'-'70').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:69:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'taskEntity' (lines '69'-'70').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:69:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'taskEntity' is never used (overwritten on line 70)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:69:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'taskEntity' is never used (overwritten on line 70)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:69:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'taskEntity'.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:69:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'taskEntity'.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:70:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'taskEntity' (lines '70'-'87').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:70:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'taskEntity' (lines '70'-'87').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:70:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'taskEntity' is never used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:70:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'taskEntity' is never used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskHistory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskHistory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:85:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "success" appears 20 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 85
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:85:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "success" appears 20 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 85
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'statusEnum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getAlltasks11(Date, Date, StatusEnum, String, String, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:99:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getAlltasks11(Date, Date, StatusEnum, String, String, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:111:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:111:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:120:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'taskEntity' (lines '120'-'121').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:120:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'taskEntity' (lines '120'-'121').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:120:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'taskEntity' is never used (overwritten on line 121)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:120:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'taskEntity' is never used (overwritten on line 121)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:127:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dtoToUser method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:127:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the dtoToUser method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:127:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:127:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:136:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the UserToDto method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:136:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the UserToDto method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:136:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:136:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:136:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'UserToDto' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:136:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'UserToDto' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntityDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntityDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:147:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 147
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:147:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 147
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userrole' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userrole' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:157:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Admin" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 157
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:157:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Admin" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 157
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:157:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:157:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:157:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:157:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:159:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "not found" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 159
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:159:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "not found" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 159
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:159:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:159:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:163:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:163:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:167:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:167:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:168:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "error" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 168
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:168:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "error" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 168
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:168:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "user is not admin" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 168
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:168:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "user is not admin" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 168
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:168:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:168:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userrole' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userrole' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:185:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:185:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:185:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	UnnecessarySemicolon: Unnecessary semicolon
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:185:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	UnnecessarySemicolon: Unnecessary semicolon
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:188:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:188:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:188:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:188:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:188:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:188:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:192:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:192:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:196:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:196:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:205:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The final local variable name 'Token1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:205:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The final local variable name 'Token1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:206:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '206'-'208').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:206:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '206'-'208').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:206:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'token' is never used (overwritten on line 208)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:206:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'token' is never used (overwritten on line 208)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:211:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:211:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:221:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:221:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userrole' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userrole' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:232:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:232:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:232:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:232:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:233:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'taskEntity' (lines '233'-'244').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:233:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'taskEntity' (lines '233'-'244').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:233:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:233:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:233:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'taskEntity'.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:233:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'taskEntity'.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:234:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:234:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:236:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:236:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:239:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:239:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:240:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:240:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:250:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:250:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userrole' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userrole' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:259:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:259:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:259:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:259:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:261:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:261:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:268:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:268:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:272:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:272:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:273:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:273:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:282:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:282:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:285:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:285:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:285:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:285:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:287:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:287:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:287:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:287:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userrole' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userrole' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:292:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:292:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:294:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:294:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:294:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:294:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:295:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:295:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:297:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:297:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:301:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:301:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:304:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:304:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:311:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:311:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:311:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:311:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:314:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:314:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:316:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:316:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:323:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:323:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:326:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:326:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:334:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:334:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:335:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ts' (lines '335'-'357').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:335:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ts' (lines '335'-'357').
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:335:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:335:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:338:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:338:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:340:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:340:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:340:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:340:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:342:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity11' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:342:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity11' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:344:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:344:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:344:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	UnnecessarySemicolon: Unnecessary semicolon
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:344:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	UnnecessarySemicolon: Unnecessary semicolon
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:346:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:346:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:347:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:347:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:349:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:349:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:360:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:360:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskEntityDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:362:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:362:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:362:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:362:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:365:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:365:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:370:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:370:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:373:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/TaskEntityServiceImpl.java:373:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:57:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:57:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:58:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:58:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'role' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:68:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'role'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:68:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'role'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:73:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleRequestDto
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:73:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userRoleRequestDto
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequestDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequestDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntityId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntityId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoleId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoleId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRoleRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoleId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userRoleId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserRoleServiceImpl.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roleEntity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like taskEntityRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like taskEntityRepository
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:43:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'user'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:43:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'user'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'save' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'save' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:51:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'save'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:51:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'save'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:85:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:85:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userDto' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:113:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'userDto'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/ServiceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java:113:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'userDto'
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplication.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplicationTests.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/test/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplicationTests.java:1:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/test/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplicationTests.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplicationTests.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplicationTests.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplicationTests.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplicationTests.java:10:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplicationTests.java:10:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplicationTests.java:10:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/test/java/com/springboot/Task/UsersTaskProjectApplicationTests.java:10:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
